# Selected Project Elevator Pitches

## Signup Form
https://forms.gle/6ypUN98evYxbxGNR6

## American Sign Language Learning App
This application will follow in the footsteps of Duolingo and Babbel, but in a new direction. These previously mentioned applications are focused on the written word however this application will focus on the visual. This application will teach our users how to use American Sign Language. We hope to do this in a hands-on straightforward approach using videos to teach the words as well as detailed charts to perfect the signs. The difficulty of the signs will increase over time and the user will be tested on their comprehension of previous words as well as new words mixed in. Tests will be delivered on a word by word basis as well as in short story and long story form where the user will also be judged on their comprehension of the given segment of signs.

## Privacy Minded Chat App with Realtime Options
Communication is the cornerstone of the Internet. From it's infancy as a group of message boards the birth of the Internet has seen constant evolution of the tool we use to communicate. From IRC to ICQ to AIM to MSN to MySpace to Facebook to SnapChat it has been a constant evolution of ways in which we communicate. However, along the way we have lost some of ourselves, we have lost our privacy. Massive companies now suck up every bit of information they can in order to gain value. We are no longer paying for products we are the products. This application will attempt to solve some of those issues. We offer the ability to have end-to-end encryption where messages can only be decrypted for their intended recipients and messages will never be stored only forwarded on the server side. There are currently applications that do this on a message by message basis however the novel idea here is that this application will be more of a chat versus a messenger application. This is accomplished with the ability to keep a central repository of users and rooms that users can join, which will allow various levels of privacy and security. Also, a realtime chat option where users are able to stream chat messages live as the participants type them and then slowly fade from existence after 60 seconds disappearing forever (barring screenshots!). 

## Geolocation App
How many times have you said to yourself "When I get home, I need to do this task", and then forget? This application will look to solve this problem by making sure that we are reminded when we arrive home to do that task. The hope also is to add additional functionality to increase the user base widely enough to offer services to businesses and events looking to take advantage of Geo-Fenced advertising and promotions. Just arrived at your favorite store? You receive an offer valid for your visit as a push notification. Driving near an event center and like music (based on visiting related stores/events)? Here is a small push notification of upcoming events in that location. Attending an event? Great, here is a filter for your camera to share with your other social media. Geolocation is a huge boon and this application is looking to offer it's users with a unique experience based on their travels.

## Voice Controlled Cooking App
Imagine this scenario, you are elbow deep in a meatloaf mixing in the ingredients raw meat all over your hands and it hits you. You forgot to add something, but what was it? Well if you had our handy app you wouldn't worry any longer as you simply as "List the ingredients". Now are you no longer bound by cleaning your hands before retrieving your recipe you simply ask the app! Gone are the days of using printed or written note cards filled with steps and who uses bound cookbooks any longer! No it's all electronic based and nobody wants to touch their device with messy hands. Not to mention if you are busy with something you can simply just ask about the next steps and the app will let you know! Want to know how long to bake something or what temperature to set the oven? Just ask!

## Patient Care Management App
Medicine is a enormous industry. A whole 17.8% of our GDP in the US is spend on healthcare alone. However, it has possibly some of the worst customer service and user friendliness of any business. This application hopes to help change that both from a Patient side as well as an administration side. Our application provides the patient with up-to-date access to their medical records, prescription schedules, appointment scheduling/reminders/rescheduling, test results, and even the ability to upload their own data taken at-home to both inform the application allowing it to make recommendations as well as updating their physicians to their status. This will also allow the physicians and office administrators to better track the patients care, appointments, and ensure that issues are dealt with in a timely and accurate manner. As well as to catch potential problems before they become major by allowing a face-to-face video call right in the application from a health care provider that was alerted to the problem! This application will not only help to make the lives of our physicians easier leading to more time to tend to the patients that need care, but also provide a better service to the patients and give them more control over their care while also allowing them to know their health is a top priority.